Instructions for Recording, Saving, and Backing Up the TIM Video
1.	Make sure you’re logged onto krusty in 109.  This won’t work if you’re logged on as another user.
2.	Close all programs and make sure the volume is on mute.
3.	Click the QuickTime Player Icon that is docked on the taskbar (black letter ‘q’ with a blue background).  Don’t search for the application (default is the wrong version… we want 10.4)
4.	In the QuickTime Player Menu at the top of the screen, click the ‘File’ drop-down menu and select the ‘New Movie Recording’ option.
5.	When the participant is ready, press the ‘record’ button (red circle within a grey circle) in the lower middle portion of the movie recording window.
6.	Minimize the movie recording window (press the small yellow circle with a minus sign in the top left portion of the window).
7.	Start powerpoint.
8.	…Wait ~ 3.5 minutes…(slightly longer is fine)
9.	Re-open the movie recorder window (Click the QuickTime Player Icon on the taskbar) and press the ‘stop’ button (the black square within a grey circle) in the lower middle portion of the window.
    * Note: If the video is less than 3 minutes & 30 seconds, the script will fail.  Check now, so you can record it again if necessary.
10.	In the QuickTime Player Menu at the top of the screen, click the ‘File’ drop-down menu and select the ‘Save’ option.  Name the video TAGxxxWsos.mov.  Save the file in /psych-cog/dsnlab/TAG/behavior/This_Is_Me/SOS/ (Capitalization & formatting needs to be exact).  Change the ‘xxx’ part to your subject’s 3-digit TAG ID.  
    * Don’t close QuickTime yet…
11.	Click the Finder Icon that is docked on the taskbar (blue and white happy face).  In the left-hand column of the finder window, click “casfiles” under “Shared”.  Then, navigate to /psych-cog/dsnlab/TAG/behavior/This_Is_Me/SOS/.  Make sure you see your subject’s video here.  If not, save to Desktop and take steps to reconnect to casfiles.
12.	Find your subject’s video, right-click while hovering over the video in the finder, and select ‘Copy TAGxxxWsos.mov’.  Open ‘TIM’ folder on Desktop, right-click within folder, and select ‘Paste Item’.
13.	Close the subject’s video and exit the QuickTime Player application.  

Start the saliva stuff and do you until you get to the scanner suite… everything else is on the Scanner Dell XPS computer:

Instructions for Making Video Clips for Scanner Task (Note: do not close computer while script is running):
1.	Click the Adobe After Effects Icon on the taskbar (dark purple square with light purple “Ae” letters inside)
2.	Wait for “Start” pop-up window to display on top of the Adobe After Effects main window.  
    * Exit out of this pop-up (click the red square with the white ‘x’ in the top righthand portion of the pop-up window)
3.	Press the ‘File’ tab, hover over the ‘Scripts’ option, and select the ‘Run Script File…’ option.  
4.	Select the ‘export_tim.jsx’ script and then press ‘Open’.
5.	When the first script prompt appears, enter the participant’s 3-digit TAG ID code.  This must match the number you entered when you saved the participant’s video.  Press ‘OK’.
6.	Replace the default time with the desired time to start the first clip.  This should match the number of seconds you recorded on the run sheet.  Press ‘Ok’.
7.	The computer should start doing its own thing.  After Effects will populate with 12 video clips.  Media Encoder will open and start exporting the clips.  Just let the script run.  
8.	When it has finished, the bottom right panel of Adobe Media Encoder will say ‘Not currently encoding’.  
9.	Exit all Adobe Software (if After Effects asks you if you want to Save Changes, press ‘Don’t Save’)

Getting Clips Ready for the Scan
1.	Open the ‘File Explorer’ and navigate to /This PC/psych-cog/dsnlab/TAG/behavior/SOS/clips/
    * ‘psych-cog’ is in the ‘Nework locations’
2.	Double-click your participant’s folder.  It will be named ‘TAGxxx’, where the x’s represent your participant’s 3-digit ID code.
3.	Check that there are 12 clips – if not, the video was not long enough and they have to do it again (otherwise there is the risk they will see another participant’s video at the end).
4.	Highlight all 12 clips in this folder, right-click, and choose the ‘Copy’ option.
5.	Navigate back to /Documents/SOS/TIM_Scanner/subj/ folder.  
    * ‘subj’ is a local directory that lives on the Dell XPS
6.	Right-click and choose the ‘Paste’ option somewhere in the white space of this folder.
7.	Click the green checkmark that says ‘Replace the files in the destination’.
8.	Check that at least clip #12 looks like your participant, if not, go to step 3.
9.	PsychoPy now has everything it needs!  Woohoo!

Running the SOS fMRI task
1.	Exit all other programs. Loading videos takes a lot of processing power.  Don’t force the computer to compete for RAM…
2.	Make sure the volume is NOT MUTED and on 10.
3.	Press the PsychoPy3 Icon on the taskbar (black and white diagonal stripes set in a circle)
4.	Press ‘File’ and then choose the ‘Open…’ option.
5.	Choose the ‘sos_txt’ file and press the ‘Open’ button.
6.	Make sure the computer is hooked up to the scanner and the input has been changed to #2 before going any further.
7.	When you are ready to begin the run, press the button icon that looks like a green running man.  A window will appear asking for the participant’s 3-digit ID code.  Enter the participant’s ID# (replace xxx) and press ‘OK’.  
8.	You don’t have to do anything else.  The scanner trigger will start the experiment.  Don’t try to start it yourself.  We want the task blocks synced with the scanner.
    * If you have to start the experiment yourself (e.g., if you have to run it behaviorally in the mock), press the apostrophe button to start.
    * If you need to restart it for whatever reason, press esc.
9.	When the EPI run is over (i.e., the scanner isn’t making an obnoxious noise anymore), press the spacebar to exit the program.  
